THE COLLECTIVE DATA TRUST (CDT) - DECLARATION OF TRUST

Dated 23rd of April, 2018

By the trustee:

Synarchys Corp.

EIN: 35-2616108



A Delaware Registered Corporation, created for the sole purpose of setting up
the Trust, and acting as the Collective Data Trust’s exclusive trustee, manager
and administrator.

THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST is made this TWENTY-THIRD DAY OF APRIL, in the year
TWO THOUSAND EIGHTEEN.

WHEREAS:

On this day, here by its own nature, a collectivity of individuals, gathered
together through internet in order to establish an agreement, reflected on this
declaration, considering the internet as the jurisdiction in which their
relationships will be executed, and to which all issues must be leaded, through
the conflict resolution rules of any local jurisdiction where each individual
has the need to exercise the rights derived from this act.

This declaration first executes with the signatures of the initial members, but
the subscription to this Declaration of Trust, will continue open and
functional, and each new signature will be considered as an extension of the
original act.

This is a Master Declaration of Trust, of which, sub-trust and constitutions
may arise.

WHEREBY, IT IS DECLARED AS FOLLOWS:

ARTICLE 1.         NAME, PURPOSE, NATURE OF ASSETS, OBJECTIVES, DEFINITIONS

Section 1.A:     Name of Trust

Section 1.A.1: For the purpose established in Section 1.B, the hereby new
created Trust, shall be governed by this Master Declaration of Trust, and shall
be known as the “Collective Data Trust” (“CDT”) (“The Trust”), and the trustees
shall conduct the business of the Trust under such name.

Section 1.B:     Purpose of Trust

Section 1.B.1:     The purpose of the Trust is to specialize on
Data-as-an-Asset operations (Data and Derivative Assets), which are known to
this declaration as Digital Assets, and assign such assets to Beneficial Units
under the Trust, for its management and monetization, under the terms of this
declaration, for the objectives established in Section 1.D, for the benefit of
the Beneficiary of each Beneficial Unit.

Section 1.B.2:     The trust is an autonomous entity, created for the
collective holding, management and monetization of the digital assets to be
integrated into each beneficial unit in favor of its correspondent beneficial
owner or beneficiary.

Section 1.B.3:     Each beneficial unit shall be maintained by the Trustee as a
separate and independent sub-trust subject to the provisions of this Master
Declaration of Trust, excluding any Schedules and Regulations other than the
Schedule and the Regulation pertaining to such Beneficial Unit established on
the settlement agreement of the specific unit, and subject to applicable laws,
for the purpose of management of independent beneficial unit’s submitted to
collective monetization of assets under the Trust.

Section 1.B.4:     Collective Data Trust introduces an economic model for
collaborative monetization of DATA, in ways that allows the Beneficiary to
remain in ownership and control of his information, allowing him the
possibility to become owner of the company or group of companies that monetizes
his data, and giving him control over his information and how it will be used.

Section 1.B.5: Monetization is referred herein to a set of different and
alternatives processes for extracting and capturing value out of a set of
assets, in order to convert such assets or its derivatives into legal tender,
or into products or services that could be exchangeable for currency or other
valuables or other benefits.

Section 1.B.6:     Collective Data Trust shall use the data and information
submitted by the Beneficiaries as a raw material to create and produce value,
and will be responsible for monetizing and generating value out of it, ensuring
the integrity and security of data, to afterward return the results to its
beneficiaries.

Section 1.B.7:     The main focus of the Trust is Data as an Asset, and the
specialized treatment of Data as a Commodity, or raw material supply, and When
the Trustee considers necessary for the best interest of the Beneficiaries, The
Trust could handle other kind of assets separately.

Section 1.B.8:     The main priority for the Trust is to contribute to the
Beneficiary’s well being by creating value out of assets that the beneficiary
is not being able to take advantage of, and deliver the captured value back to
him.

Section 1.C:     Nature of the Specific Assets for Management and Monetization

Section 1.C.1:     The Trust assets integration is represented in different
Beneficial Units. Each beneficial unit is assigned to a beneficiary, who has
previously provided the assets for management and monetization, or has agreed
to do so, under the terms of the settlement agreement of the beneficial unit.

Section 1.C.2:     The main assets to be managed by the Trust, are DATA
together with other digital assets, and its by-products, including but not
limited to each beneficiary’s individual data about his interaction with
internet-connected products and services.

Section 1.C.3:     The assets that the beneficiary provides as a valuable to
settle his Beneficial Unit, are not his money or any other financial assets,
but his data.

Section 1.C.4:     Each beneficiary deposits his digital property, to be
considered as deposited assets into his beneficial unit, under the terms each
beneficiary has individually chosen for himself on the settlement agreement, or
the placement memorandum.

Section 1.C.5:     Each beneficiary is owner of his own stake of data among the
collective of data. Therefore a collectivity of beneficial owners, each one,
proportional to its beneficial unit under the trust.

Section 1.C.6:     Such assets, the data, will be applied to different
monetization models, under the terms each beneficiary has set for himself on
the settlement agreement, and the results will be returned proportionally to
each beneficiary after cost deduction.

Section 1.C.7:     Collective Data Trust, is a digital property trust,
collectively owned by all its beneficiaries, each of whom have integrated their
digital assets, as deposited property to be managed and applied to monetization
processes by the trustee in order to pursue the mission of the trust.

Section 1.C.8:     All digital assets in beneficial units jointed together will
be used as a whole in order to generate value for the Trust through data-based
products or derivatives that can acquire use value or exchange value.

Section 1.C.9:     Each Beneficial Unit shall be able to monetize its own
digital assets independently from other beneficial units.



Section 1.C.10:     Collective Data Trust’s digital assets if formed from or
by:

Section 1.C.10.A: The conjunction of each beneficial unit’s digital asset,
which the Beneficial Owner contributes to be joint with the collective digital
assets, in order to be submitted to monetization processes as a whole.

Section 1.C.10.B: the by-products resulting out of the collected information,
or from processing the beneficial unit’s digital assets.

Section 1.C.10.C: Any data-based or data-centric product, or derivative with
usable value or exchangeable value.

Section 1.C.10.D: All tradeable or monetizable derivative obtained as a result
from the Trust’s activities

Section 1.D:     Objectives of the Collective Data Trust

Section 1.D.1: The trust will create a group of companies that will form the
monetization system for its assets, and will hold the shares of those
companies, on behalf of its beneficiaries, and each beneficiary will be
entitled to own a stock on such companies, proportional to the value of the
integrated assets deposited into his Beneficial Unit under the trust.

Section 1.D.2:     All operations are for profit, operations are about
gathering data from the beneficiaries, generating value out of it, and return
profits to them. CDT is not a non-profit.

Section 1.D.3:     Operations are executed by the trustee’s execution team,
through the companies that the trust owns, on behalf of the beneficiaries, and
for their own benefit.

Section 1.D.4:     The trustee company is identified herein as Synarchys Corp,
registered as a C-Corp, incorporated in the State of Delaware exclusively to
administer, manage and execute work on the pursuit of the Trust missions and
objectives, and is meant to be absorbed by the trust when the contract
conditions are met.

Section 1.D.5:     The Monetization System of Collective Data Trust will have
the following objectives:

Section 1.D.5.1:     To monetize the collective data on behalf of its the
beneficiaries, understanding Monetization as the processes for generating
exchangeable or usable value out of the assets, and in concordance with all
definitions adopted by this declaration, for the benefit of the beneficiaries.

Section 1.D.5.2:     To develop, democratize and decentralize Artificial
Intelligence resources, to be collectively owned by all the Beneficiaries.

Section 1.D.5.3:     To pursue a fair access to Internet for the beneficiaries,
and publicly advocate for the privacy and security rights of the Internet
users.

Section 1.D.6:     Companies and Operations are described on Appendix II and on
the Memorandum of Operations which shall be disclosed to each Beneficiary.

Section 1.D.7:     Notwithstanding the laws of any jurisdiction concerning
management, monetization or investment by trustees, the assets of CDT shall be
managed, executed, exploited and invested by the Trustee in its discretion in
accordance with the objectives of the Trust as set out in this Master
Declaration of Trust, or in the Settlement Agreement, or the Place Memorandum,
or Subscription Agreement, or any other kind of document regulating the
integration of assets into a beneficial unit, and its management and
monetization conditions.

Section 1.D.8:     Any resources of the trust awaiting for monetization or
investment or disbursement may be submitted by the Trustee in its discretion in
such processes as are specified in the related Beneficial Units Documents or in
the Regulation pertaining to the Trust. Any restrictions or guidelines on
specific assets management, monetization and investments of, or permitted
practices in, a monetization system shall also be as set out in the Regulation
pertaining to the Trust or in the Settlement Agreement of the Beneficial Unit.
Subject to the provisions of this master agreement and the related documents
determining the specific objective of the trust, of Class, or of a Series, the
trust may manage, execute, monetize, or invest in, or use such derivative
by-products and process as disclosed in the related documentation of the Trust
from time to time and shall be consistent with the objectives of the Trust.

Section 1.E:     Beneficiary of the Trust.

Section 1.E.1:     Each beneficial owner of a beneficial unit, is a beneficiary
of the trust.

Section 1.E.2:     Collective Data Trust (CDT) is open to all Internet users
who would like to register to integrate their digital assets into their own
beneficial unit, so they can become owners of the company or group of companies
that monetizes their data.

Section 1.E.3:     After registration, any Internet user can customize and sign
the settlement agreement in order to become beneficiary of its beneficial unit
under the Trust.

Section 1.E.4:     The trust will provide the tools under settlement agreement
for the integration of assets into the beneficial unit, and for its
monetization.

Section 1.E.5:     Collective Data Trust (CDT) will request sensitive
information in order to register a new beneficial unit, in accordance with the
requirements of the law, and the lack of veracity on the part of the
beneficiary, will remove it from any right on the beneficial unit

Section 1.F:     Layout of Declaration.

This Master Declaration of Trust will be ordered and presented in the following
way with the following parts:

Part I: Preamble; Part II: General Considerations pertaining the trust and its
Management; Part III: Specific Considerations to each Class of Beneficial
Units; Part IV: Appendixes, Annexes, Addendas and related documents.

All of those shall be considered integral part of this declaration, including
individually signed agreements for the relationship of the Trust and the
Trustee with each beneficiary.

Section 1.G: Interpretations

Terms on this declaration will be subject to the definitions contained in
Appendix I, which forms part of this document. Conceptualization, and
terminology definitions should evolve according to trustee’s criteria and
trustee’s identification of the needs of the Trust and its beneficiaries.
Amendments and clarifications shall be annexed as part of this declaration of
trust.

Article 2: CONSTITUTION

Section 2.A:     The Trustee declares, with respect to each Class declared in
accordance with this ARTICLE, that it holds the sum of US$100 upon trust hereof
with all the cash and other property and assets, including principal digital
assets for the time being held or deemed to be held by the Trustee upon the
trusts of each Class as separate and distinct sub-trusts which shall be
independent of each other as set forth in this Declaration and any supplemental
deed creating such Class.

Section 2.B: The Trustee hereby creates the following: Class (I) a Individual
Digital Assets Trust, which shall be known as Personal Beneficial Unit Series;
Class (II) a Collective Digital Assets Trust, which shall be known as
Collective Beneficial Unit Series; Class (III) a Convertible Assets Trust which
shall be known as the Convertible Unit Series; Class (IV) a Venture Assets
Trust, which shall be known as the Venture Unit Series. The Trustee may
designate one or more Series as set forth in the Placement Memorandum or
Settlement Agreement for such Class.

Section 2.B.1: Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series, a Partnership Class
under law and fiscal regulations, especially and specifically constituted
Trust, under exclusive Trustee, for the management, administration,
monetization, and investment of DATA as understood in Section 1.G and other
Digital Assets and its By-Products, including but not limited to information
captured by different means and provided by the Beneficiaries, including
individual data about his interaction with internet-connected products and
services.

The purpose of the Class is to integrate each Beneficiary’s Digital assets into
Beneficial Units, and monetize this assets on behalf of the beneficiaries, in
order to generate income and other benefits for such beneficiaries.

On this Class, the relationship with the Trust, and with the Trustee, is
individual for each Beneficiary, as owner of the asset, and partnered directly
with the Trust to submit such assets to monetization oriented processes.

Section 2.B.2:     Class (II) Collective Beneficial Unit Series, a Partnership
Class under law and fiscal regulations, especially and specifically constituted
Trust, under exclusive trustee, for the management, administration,
monetization, and investment of different assets, including DATA and other
Digital Assets and its By-Products, together with other assets with exchange
value or use value and derivatives, financial or not, in cash or in kind, which
might be considered an exploitable but indivisible asset, or can be considered
the indivisible resulting value obtained from a joint effort of many divisible
assets together.

The purpose of this Class is to represent the collective interest of all the
beneficiaries of the different classes of the Trust. The votes on the annual
general meeting of the Trust, independent of each class annual meeting, are
exercised through Class (II) Collective Unit Series titles.

On this Class, the relationship with the Trust, and with the Trustee is
collective for each Beneficiary, where all collectively are owners of the
assets of the Class, and each Beneficiary is a partner with each other
Beneficiary and also each Beneficiary is partner with the Trust in order to
submit such assets to monetization or investment oriented processes.

Section 2.B.3:     Class (III) Convertible Unit Series, a Partnership Class
under law and fiscal regulations, especially and specifically constituted
Trust, under exclusive trustee, where each Beneficiary is Partner with each
other Beneficiary, and all Beneficiaries are partners with the Trust, for the
issuance of Convertible Units, represented in digital code-titles represented
in the formal books as Beneficial Convertible Units, subject to conversion or
redemption at first demand from the Unitholder.

The purpose of this Class is to allocate cash or other liquid or convertible
assets into Convertible Units, each one represented into exchangeable and
transferable unit's titles registered by the trust, subject to conversion or
redemption at first demand from the Unitholder.

On this Class, the Unit’s title will be used exclusively for the exchange of
value among beneficiaries under the Collective Data Trust environment, and the
conversion to legal tender back when the unit gets converted or redeemed, at
the current conversion rate and cost of the moment of conversion or
redemption.

The assets of this class are to be used in the development of the Collective
Data Trust monetization system, and all Convertible Units of this Class ought
to be converted back, in total or, in proportional fractions at the time, at
any time the Trustee or the Adviser may consider it necessary.

Section 2.B.4:     Class (IV) Venture Unit Series, a Non-Partnership Class
under law and fiscal regulations, especially and specifically constituted
Trust, under exclusive trustee, where each Series under this Class is ought to
be treated as a Corporation for legal, fiscal and administrative issues, being
each Beneficiary of each Series of this Class, a virtual Shareholder of the
Company that such Series represents.

The purpose for this Class is to allocate money and other assets, financial or
not, but liquidable or usable as a collateral, into beneficial units of the
Class, distributed into Series. Each series shall represent the interest and
rights of its beneficiaries on one of the companies which were created under
the Trust, to operate in its environment.

The issue of a new series under this class shall represent the founding for a
new company under the Trust, and shall be liquidated, or redeemed accordingly.

Under this Class, each series as a whole is a partner with the trust, and each
beneficiary of such class is as a virtual shareholder of the company owned by
the series in which his unit has been issued.

Section 2.C:     The Trustee shall stand possessed of the Deposited Property of
each Class as a separate asset upon trust for the separate and distinct benefit
of the beneficiary of such Class (subject to any Placement Memorandum for such
Class or supplemental deed) and no other persons according and subject to the
provisions of this Declaration, and any data obtained or resources forming part
of the Deposited Property of each Class shall from time to time be managed,
analyzed, monetized and invested in accordance with the provisions herein
contained. This provision shall in no way prohibit the Trustee from analyzing,
monetizing or submitting the assets of two or more Classes in a single
operation, borrowing one from another or purchasing assets of one from another
if such actions do not conflict with the Placement Memorandum of all such
relevant Classes.

Section 2.D:     The terms and provisions of this Declaration shall be binding
on the Trustee and on the Beneficiaries and persons claiming through them as if
such Beneficiaries and persons had been parties hereto.

Section 2.E:     The Beneficiary shall not have or acquire any rights against
the Trustee in respect of Beneficial Units other than those expressly conferred
upon them by this Declaration, the settlement agreement, the Placement
Memorandum and or Subscription Agreement in respect of such Units.

Section 2.F:     The interest of each Beneficiary in the Deposited Property of
a Class shall be represented by the Unit for the time being held by such
Beneficiary. No Beneficiary of one Class shall be entitled to any interest or
share in another Class. No Beneficiary of a Class shall be entitled to any
interest or share in any particular part of the Deposited Property of such
Class or any other Class. If the same individual owns two or more different
beneficial units in different classes, he should be a beneficiary of each
beneficial unit separately from the other, proportionally to the deposited
property on each unit of each class.

Section 2.G:     The Deposited Property of each Class will be held exclusively
for the benefit of that Class, and in accordance with this Declaration or in
the relevant Placement Memorandum or settlement agreement or supplemental deed,
will be segregated from the Deposited Property of any other Class, and will be
identified on the Trust's books and records as being held exclusively in
respect of Beneficial Owners of that Class, and will not be used to discharge
directly or indirectly the liabilities or claims against any other Class or
Beneficiaries of any other Class, or the Trustee (except in so far as the claim
relates to the relevant Class) and will not be available for any such purpose.

Section 2.H:     The Trustee or other agent shall, subject to the provisions of
Section 17(F), be responsible for the safekeeping of the Deposited Property.

Section 2.I:     A copy of this Declaration shall be published on the trust
website and shall be made available for inspection at all times during usual
business hours at such offices as the Trustee may from time to time determine
and notify to Beneficiaries and prospective Beneficiaries and shall be supplied
by the Trustee to any person on application at such reasonable fee as the
Trustee may from time to time determine.

Section 2.J:     The Trustee shall provide to each Beneficiary of a Class upon
request, copies of the Subscription Agreement, Placement Memorandum or
Redemption Request Form and Transfer Request Form to be used by Beneficiaries
of such Class.

Section 2.K:     The Trustee shall have the power, without obtaining the
authorization or vote of the Beneficiaries, to create and establish such
Classes, with such rights, preferences, powers, policies and limitations but
otherwise upon the terms and subject to the powers and provisions of this
Declaration, as it may from time to time determine in its sole discretion and
as shall be set forth in the Placement Memorandum or Settlement Agreement for
such Class.

ARTICLE 3:         BENEFICIAL UNITS

Section 3.A:     The assets under the Trust are represented into Units of
different classes in one or more Series as determined by the Trustee from time
to time, referred to as whole Units, and fractions thereof, which shall be
entitled to the rights and subject to the restrictions, conditions and
limitations set out herein.

Section 3.B:     The interest of a Beneficiary in The Trust, or in a specific
Beneficial Unit shall be determined by the value of such Beneficial Unit for
the Trust, registered in the name of such Beneficiary.

Section 3.C:     Upon the establishment of the Trust, the Trustee shall issue
to each original Beneficiary one certificate for a Beneficial Unit
proportionate to the value of the assets integrated to the trust by the
beneficiary. Such value shall be measured and expressed on the internal value
metric unit (CDC), and in the reference currency.

Section 3.D:     For the Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series, and the
Class (II) Collective Beneficial Unit Series, there will be only one Beneficial
Unit per Beneficiary on each class. The value of such beneficial unit, shall be
determined from applying the formula for valuation of asset to the Beneficial
Units Assets as established in this declaration or the supplemental deeds, and
which shall by updated and modified by the trustee, and published and approved
by the advisory board.

Section 3.E:     Beneficiaries of the Class (III) Convertible Unit Series,
shall receive a certificate for the Beneficial Units proportionate to money
value of the liquidated assets prices or amounts paid by such Beneficiary into
the Trust and based on an initial Series III Unit Value of $10.00 or such other
initial Series Unit Value as may be specified in the Regulation pertaining to
the Trust.

Section 3.F:     Beneficiaries of the Class (IV) Venture Unit Series, under its
own class rules, shall receive a certificate for the Units proportionate to the
nominal assets being held at the purchase price of such assets, or amounts paid
by such Beneficiary into the Trust and based on an initial Series IV Unit Value
of $10.00 or such other initial Series Unit Value as may be specified in the
Regulation pertaining to the Trust

Section 3.G:     Additional digital assets, other assets and amounts may be
deposited in by the Beneficiary and other Participants admitted to The Trust by
the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof and Beneficial Units shall
be issued to such Beneficiaries or other extraordinary Participants at the then
applicable Series Unit Value. There is no limit on the number of Units of a
Series which may be issued by the Trust.

Section 3.H:     Each Beneficial Unit of a Series of The Trust, shall have a
proportionate equal interest in the Series Net Asset Value of the Class and,
except with respect to Management Fee Distributions or Advantage Fee
Distributions, in any distribution in respect of the Series of the Trust
(whether of net income, net realized capital gains or other amount) and no Unit
of a Series of a Class shall have priority or preference over another Unit of
the same Series or of another Series of the Trust.

Section 3.I:     The Trustee may by declaration at any time and from time to
time, in its discretion, and without notice to any party, subdivide or
consolidate the Units of a Series of a Class in such manner as the Trustee
shall consider appropriate, provided that the proportionate interest of any
Participant in the Class shall not be increased or decreased by reason of any
such subdivision or consolidation of Units.

Section 3.J:     Each Series of a Class shall have the features and
characteristics determined by the Trustee from time to time and disclosed in
the Settlement Agreement or Placement Memorandum of the Beneficial Unit,
including without limitation the nature and amount of any fees or charges to be
borne by Beneficiaries in a Series, expressed in the internal value metric unit
(CDC), or in the reference currency, and the nature of acceptable assets in
Beneficial Units of the Series and the Series eligibility requirements. Subject
to limitations and requirements of this declaration and the supplemental deeds,
the Trustee shall be authorized to make such amendments to this Master
Declaration of Trust as it deems necessary to reflect the existence of such
additional Series of Units without having to provide to current Beneficiaries
with prior notice of such amendments.

For greater certainty, Participants in all Series of Units of a Class shall all
be beneficiaries of a single Master Trust, the Collective Data Trust.

Section 3.K:     Subject to the requirements determined from time to time by
the Trustee and stated in the Settlement Agreement of a Class, Beneficial Units
of a particular Series of the Trust may, at the option of the Beneficiary or
the Trustee, be re-designated as Units of any other Series of the Trust based
on the Applicable Series Unit Value for each of the two Series on the date of
the re-designation.

For greater certainty, Units of a Class re-designated as Units of another Class
of the Trust, or reasigned to a different series, are not thereby redeemed or
canceled and the Beneficiary owning such re-designated Beneficial Unit shall
receive no proceeds of disposition.

Section 3.L:     The Trustee may issue to each Beneficiary of The Trust a
non-transferable certificate or statement showing the Value of the Units of a
Series issued to, or registered in the name of such Beneficiary on the
Register, and such other information as the Trustee may decide.

Section 3.M:     Provided, however, that, a Beneficiary may grant a security
interest or pledge under applicable local law to a financial institution or
securities dealer, including the Trustee or any Affiliate thereof, and for such
purposes, title to any Beneficial Unit may be represented by, or incorporated
in, a document in such form as may be prescribed by the Trustee from time to
time; and such document may at any time be presented to the Trustee for
cancellation.

Section 3.N:     All property received by the Trust for the issue of Beneficial
Units of a particular Class (whether or not Units of such Class have been
divided into Series), together with all assets in which such property is
monetized or invested or reinvested, all income, earnings, profits and proceeds
thereof, including any proceeds derived from the sale, exchange or liquidation
of such assets, and any funds or payments derived from reinvestment of such
proceeds in whatever form the same may be, shall irrevocably belong to Units of
that Class for all purposes, subject only to the rights of creditors, and shall
be so recorded upon the books of account of the Trust.

Section 3.O:     In the event that there are any assets, income, earnings,
profits, or proceeds thereof, or funds or payments of the Trust which are not
readily identifiable as belonging to any particular Class, the Trustees shall
allocate them among any one or more of the Classes established and designated
from time to time in such manner and on such basis as they, in their sole
discretion, deem fair and equitable. Each such allocation by the Trustees shall
be conclusive and binding upon the Beneficiaries of all Classes for all
purposes

Section 3.P:     The assets belonging to each particular Beneficial Unit shall
be charged with the liabilities of the Trust in respect of that Class, as will
all expenses, costs, charges and reserves attributable to that Class, and any
general liabilities, expenses, costs, charges or reserves of the Trust which
are not readily identifiable as belonging to any particular Class shall be
allocated and charged by the Trustees to and among any one or more of the
Classes established and designated from time to time in such manner and on such
basis as the Trustees in their sole discretion deem fair and equitable. Each
allocation of liabilities, expenses, costs, charges and reserves by the
Trustees shall be conclusive and binding upon the Beneficiaries in all Classes
for all purposes.

Section 3.Q:     In the event of the liquidation of a particular Series of a
Class or of an entire Class, the Beneficiaries in that Series or Class, as the
case may be, which is being liquidated shall be entitled to receive, when and
as declared by the Trustees, the excess of the assets belonging to Shares of
that Class over the liabilities attributable to Shares of the Class. The
holders of Shares of any such Class shall not be entitled thereby to any
distribution upon liquidation of any other Series or Class.

Section 3.R:     The assets so distributable to the Beneficiaries, as the case
may be, in any Class shall be distributed among such Beneficiaries in
proportion to the value of the beneficial units of that Class, whether in one
or more Series, held by them and recorded on the books of the Trust. The
liquidation of any particular Series or Class in which there are Beneficial
Units then outstanding held by Participants who are not Beneficiaries may be
authorized by an instrument in writing, without a meeting, signed by a majority
of the Trustees then in office, subject to the affirmative vote of a majority
of the outstanding voting units of that Series or Class held by Beneficiaries.

Section 3.S:     The beneficial units shall be personal property of the
beneficiary giving only the rights in this Declaration specifically set forth.

Section 3.T:     Every Beneficiary, by virtue of having become a Beneficiary,
shall be held to have expressly assented and agreed to be bound by the terms of
this Declaration and Bylaws, along with his individual settlement agreement,
asset placement memorandum, and related documents.

Section 3.U:     The right to conduct any business regarding the Trust property
herein before described are vested exclusively in the Trustees. Beneficiaries
shall have no interest therein other than the beneficial interest conferred by
their Beneficial Units Ownership.

Section 3.V:     Other than distribution, charges of any agent or any Person,
including, without limitation, the custodian, transfer agent, beneficiary
servicing agent or similar agent, lawyer, accountant or broker, for which the
Trustees shall have the power to cause each Beneficial Owner to pay directly,
in advance or arrears, a pro-rata amount as defined from time to time by the
Trustees, as long as no Beneficiary shall be personally liable for the debts,
liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred by, contracted for, or otherwise
existing with respect to, the Trust or any Series or Class.

Section 3.W:     Beneficiaries shall have no right to call for any partition or
division of any property, profits, rights or interests of the Trust, except the
liquidation of his own Beneficial Unit.

Section 3.Y:     The death, incapacity, dissolution, termination, or bankruptcy
of a Beneficiary during the existence of the Trust shall not operate to
terminate the Trust, not entitle the representative of any such Beneficiary to
an accounting or to take any action in court or elsewhere against the Trust or
the Trustees, but entitle such representative only to the rights of such
Beneficiary under this Declaration.

Section 3.Z:     The Beneficial Units shall not entitle the Beneficiary to
preference, preemptive, appraisal, conversion or exchange rights or privileges
or to cumulative voting rights, except as specified in this Article or as
specified by the Trustees when creating the Class, as in a Special Series. Any
or all of the Beneficial Units, whenever authorized, may be issued, or may be
reissued and transferred if such Units have been reacquired and have treasury
status, to any person, firm, corporation, trust, partnership, association or
other entity for such lawful consideration and on such terms as the Trustees
determines in its discretion without first offering the Units to any such
Beneficiary.



Article 4.:         VALUATIONS AND PRICES

Section 4.A:     The Trustee shall, on each Accounting Date determine the Net
Asset Value for each Class, using the designed method specified for each class,
and translating such values into the following formulas to standardize
valuation of assets.

Section 4.B:     The Net Asset Value of each Class shall be calculated by
valuing the assets and liabilities of each Class in accordance with (4.C) and
(4.D) below and deducting the liabilities attributable to each such Class in
accordance with (4.D.3).

Section 4.C:     The Value of the assets and liabilities comprised in each
Class shall be calculated:

Section 4.C.1:     in accordance with the standards and procedures in the
Placement Memorandum for each Class, and

Section 4.C.2:     to the extent not inconsistent with 4.C.1, in accordance
with Section (4.D) below.

Section 4.D:     In calculating the Net Asset Value of any Class:

Section 4.D.1:     Where, in consequence of any notice or request for
redemption given pursuant to Article 9, a reduction in the number of Beneficial
Units outstanding with respect to a Class by the redemption of Units has been
effected but payment in respect of such reduction has not been completed, the
Units in question shall be deemed not to be in issue and the Redemption Price
thereof shall be deducted.

Section 4.D.2:     Where Investments have been agreed to be purchased or
otherwise acquired or sold but such purchase, acquisition or sale has not been
completed, such Investments shall be included or excluded and the gross
purchase or acquisition or net sale consideration excluded or included (as the
case may be) as if such purchase, acquisition or sale had been duly completed.

Section 4.D.3:     The liabilities attributable to a Class shall include:

Section 4.D.3.A:     any costs or expenses accrued or payable but not paid out
of each such Class including but not limited to administration fees, custodian
fees, legal fees and auditors' fees;

Section 4.D.3.B: an appropriate allowance or other reserves for any contingent
liabilities as determined in the sole discretion of the Trustee; and

Section 4.D.3.C:     shall not include the liabilities attributable to or
arising from any other Class.

Section 4.D.4:     Any Value (whether of a liability or of any Investment or
cash) otherwise than in Dollars or such other currency in which a Class shall
be denominated (the "Reference Currency") shall be converted into the Reference
Currency at the rate (whether official or otherwise) which the Trustee shall
deem appropriate in the circumstances having regard to any premium or discount
which may be relevant and to costs of exchange.

Section 4.D.5:     Liabilities shall (where appropriate) be treated as accruing
from day to day.

section 4.E:     Notwithstanding Sections (4.C) and (4.D) of this Article 4,
after consultation with the Adviser, the Trustee may adjust the Value of any
Investment if, or re-adjust the value of the assets under a class when, having
regard to currency, applicable rate of interest, maturity, marketability and
other considerations it deems relevant, it considers that such adjustment is
required to reflect the fair value thereof.



Article 5:     ISSUE OF UNITS

The following provisions shall have effect in regard to issuance and
subscription of Units of any relevant Class unless contrary provisions in
respect of any Class are set out in the relevant Placement Memorandum for such
Class in which case such provisions will apply.

Section 5.A:     The Trustee and its agent shall have the exclusive right to
effect for the account of each Class the issue of Units of such Class and for
this purpose to accept specific assets for specific classes non limited to Data
and Information, other kind of Digital Assets, subscription moneys or other
property including securities for the account of such Class, provided that no
Units of such Class shall be issued in a number less than the Minimum Number of
Units nor shall any Units of such Class be issued to any person unless such
person shall have submitted to the Trustee (or its duly authorized agent) in
the case of the initial issue of Units of such Class, by no later than the
Closing Date of such Class and, in the case of all subsequent issues of Units
of such Class, by no later than the Subscription Notification Date immediately
preceding the relevant Subscription Date, a Subscription Agreement completed to
the satisfaction of the Trustee along with such supplemental or additional
information as the Trustee may request, unless such requirement is waived by
the Trustee.

Section 5.B:     Assets Deposited into a Class

Section 5.B.1:     The Deposited Property of any Class shall initially be
comprised of the proceeds of the issue of Units during the Initial Period at
the Issue Price of such Class.

Section 5.B.2:     The Deposited Property of each Class shall thereafter be
comprised of different specific kind of assets for each specific kind of Class,
not limited to Data and Information and other Digital Assets, or Investments
and cash arising from the said proceeds and also out of the proceeds of Units
subsequently issued of such Class.

Section 5.C:     After the expiration of the Initial Period of a Class the
Trustee may effect the issue of Units of such Class only on a Subscription Date
or such other date as determined by the Trustee.

Section 5.D:     The price per Unit at which Units shall be issued for
integration of capital such as data, digital assets, cash or other property
after the Initial Period shall be the Issue Price applicable to such Units at
such time as the Trustee may determine, in accordance with the Placement
Memorandum for such Class.

Section 5.E:     Following each Subscription Date, the Trustee or its agent
shall, as soon as practicable, confirm to each person who has made payment of
the Issue Price and whose subscription has been accepted by the Trustee:

Section 5.E.1:     the number of Units issued to such person; and

Section 5.E.2:     the Issue Price per Unit.

Section 5.F:     Where subscription monies will not produce an exact number of
Units of a Class the Trustee may issue fractional Units of such Class and any
such fraction of a Unit shall be subject to and carry the corresponding
fraction of limitations, rights, qualifications, restrictions and other
attributes of a whole Unit of such Class.

Section 5.G:     No Unit or interest in a Unit may be offered to the public
against money when it comes to Class (I) and Class (II) Beneficial Units.

Section 5.H:     The Trustee may impose such restrictions or conditions as it
may think fit upon any offering (whether by private placement, public offering
or howsoever) of the Units in any jurisdiction.

Section 5.I:     The Trustee may suspend the issue of Units of any Class during
any period when the redemption of Units of that Class is suspended in the
circumstances described in Article 9 Section 9.C hereof.

Section 5.J:     The Beneficiary of any Class may make an in kind deposit of
interests in a pooled investment vehicle in payment of Units of such Class upon
the filing of evidence of assignment of ownership to the Trustee. Such in kind
deposit of interests in payment of Units shall only occur, however, if the
Trustee approves of such in kind deposit.

Section 5.K:     If Units representing a beneficial interest in more than one
Series of a Class are issued during a Fiscal Year, some or all of them may be
converted into Units representing a beneficial interest in a new Series in
accordance with the Placement Memorandum for the applicable Class.

Article 6:         REGISTER OF BENEFICIAL UNITS

Section 6.A:     A Register of Beneficial Units shall be kept by the Registrar
in a form and manner approved by the Trustee and so that the provisions set out
in Appendix III shall be observed. There shall be entered in the Register:

Section 6.A.1:     the names and addresses of the Unitholders;

Section 6.A.2:     the number of Units of each Class held by every Unitholder
of that Class;

Section 6.A.3:     the date on which the name of each Unitholder was entered in
respect of the Units standing in its name and a statement of whether such Units
were acquired by subscription or transfer and, where by virtue of an instrument
of transfer, a reference sufficient to enable the name and address of the
transferor to be identified;

Section 6.A.4:     the date on which any transfer is registered and the name
and address of the transferee; and

Section 6.A.5:     the date on which any Units are redeemed pursuant to the
provisions of Article 9; provided that the Registrar shall not be bound to
register more than four persons as the joint Unitholders of any Units.

Section 6.B:     Any change of name, address or other information on the part
of any Beneficiary of a Class shall forthwith be notified to the Registrar by
delivery of written notice thereof, upon receipt of which the Registrar shall
alter or cause the Register to be altered accordingly.

Section 6.C:     Except when the Register is closed in accordance with the
provisions hereinafter contained, the Register shall during business hours
(subject to such reasonable restrictions as the Registrar may impose provided
that not less than two hours in each Business Day shall be allowed for
inspection) be open to the inspection of any Beneficiary only to the extent of
the entry of each individual Beneficiary so that such Beneficiary can confirm
his or her own entitlement without charge, provided that if the Register is
kept on digital format or in accordance with some other mechanical or
electronic system the provisions of this sub clause may be implemented by the
production of legible evidence of the contents of the Register.

Section 6.D:     The Register may be closed at such times and for such periods
as the Trustee may from time to time reasonably determine, provided that it
shall not be closed for more than 30 Business Days in any one year.

Section 6.E:     A body corporate or other form of entity or contractual
arrangement may be registered as a Beneficiary or as one of a number of
Collective Beneficiaries.

Section 6.F:     The Register may be kept either in written form or (without
prejudice to the provisions of Section 6.C by such other means (including
without limitation digital, magnetic or electronic recording) as the Trustee
shall from time to time approve.

Section 6.G:     Units will generally be issued in book entry, registered form,
save as herein provided, the Register shall be conclusive evidence as to the
persons entitled to the Units entered therein and no notice of any trust,
express, implied or constructive, shall be entered on the Register. The
Beneficiary shall be the only person to be recognized by the Trustee as having
any right, title or interest in or to Units registered in his or her name and
the Trustee may recognize such Beneficiary as the absolute owner thereof and
shall not be bound by any notice to the contrary and shall not be bound to take
notice of or to see to the execution of any trust or, save as herein expressly
provided or save as by some court of competent jurisdiction ordered, to
recognize any trust or equity or other interest affecting the title to any
Units.

Section 6.H:     A receipt signed or purporting to be signed by the Beneficiary
for any moneys payable or other deliverable assets in respect of Units, shall
be a good discharge to the Trustee, and if several persons are registered as
joint Beneficiaries, or in consequence of the death of a Beneficiary are
entitled to be registered, any one of them may give effectual receipts for any
such moneys.

Section 6.I:     Subject to the provisions of Section 18(E), the Registrar
shall maintain records with respect to each Beneficiary, and such records shall
include copies of all Subscription Agreements, Transfer Request Forms and
Redemption Request Forms relating to such Unitholder.

Section 6.J:     The Trustee shall be entitled but not bound to require that
any such form as is referred to in Section (6.I) which is submitted by or on
behalf of joint Beneficiaries shall be signed by all such joint Unitholders.

Article 7:         TRANSFER:

Section 7.A:     When applicable, and not in contradiction with any special
provision in the Class and Series regulation or in the Settlement Agreement of
the Unit, or in the Placement Memorandum of the assets:

Section 7.A.1:     A Beneficiary shall only be entitled to sell, transfer or
otherwise dispose of the Units held by it pursuant to the following provisions
of this Clause.

Section 7.A.2:     No Beneficial Units may be sold to, transferred to or
registered in the name of any such person as is mentioned in Clause 5(G).

Section 7.A.3:     No Units may, directly or indirectly, be assigned,
transferred, sold or otherwise disposed of in whole or in part, or be
registered in the name of any person unless the Trustee shall consent thereto
or as otherwise provided in the Placement Memorandum for such Class.

Section 7.B:     The Trustee (or the Registrar on its behalf) shall refuse to
register any proposed transfer of Beneficial Units unless it is permitted by
the provisions of this Article (7) and for the purpose of ensuring that a
transfer of Units is permitted by this Clause the Trustee, (or the Registrar on
its behalf) shall require any Beneficiary and any person named as transferee in
any Transfer Request Form lodged for registration to furnish to the Trustee (or
the Registrar on its behalf) such information as is specified therein.

Section 7.C:     A Transfer Request Form need not be a deed but shall be in
such form as may be approved by the Trustee and must be signed by or on behalf
of both the transferor and the transferee and, if such restrictions have been
imposed, shall include a confirmation by the transferee that such transferee is
not prohibited from acquiring such Units by virtue of any restrictions imposed
by the Trustee pursuant to Clause 5(H) hereof.

Section 7.D:     The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of the
Units transferred until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register
in respect thereof.

Section 7.E:     Every Transfer Request Form must be duly stamped where
appropriate or if so required and left with the Registrar for registration
accompanied by any necessary declarations or other documents that may be
required in consequence of any exchange control or other legislation for the
time being in force and by such other evidence as the Registrar may require to
prove the title of the transferor or its right to transfer the Units.
Electronic and Digital paralel records shall be implemented and when permitted
by law, shall replace the traditional records

Section 7.F:     Subject to the provisions of Section 18(E) all Transfer
Request Forms which shall be registered shall be retained by the Registrar.

Article 8:         TRANSMISSION

When the transfer of units where authorized by this declaration, the
supplemental deeds or by the trustee at its sole discretion, the transmission
of such units shall occur in the following manner subject to the specific
Classes rules, and the supplemental documents such as Settlement Agreement and
Placement Memorandum.

Section 8.A:        In the case of the death of any one of joint Beneficiaries,
the survivor or survivors shall be the only persons recognized by the Trustee
as having any title to or interest in the Units registered in the name of such
joint holders.

Section 8.B:     The executors or administrators of a deceased Beneficiary (not
being one of several joint Beneficiaries) shall be the only persons recognized
by the Trustee as having title to the Units represented thereby.

Section 8.C:     Any person becoming entitled to a Beneficial Unit in
consequence of the death or bankruptcy of any sole Beneficiary or of the
survivor of joint Beneficiaries shall, subject as hereinafter provided, upon
producing such evidence as to its title as the Trustee shall think sufficient,
either be registered itself as holder of such Unit upon giving to the Trustee
notice in writing of its desire to be registered or transfer such Unit to some
other person. All the limitations, restrictions and provisions of this
Declaration and Supplemental Deeds relating to transfers shall be applicable to
any such notice or transfer as if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred and
such notice or transfer were a transfer executed by the Beneficiary. Without
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, no person becoming entitled as
aforesaid may be registered as a Beneficiary and no Unit may be transferred
into the name of any other person without in either case the prior consent of
the Trustee and, in the event of the Trustee not giving consent as aforesaid,
the Beneficial Unit shall be redeemed compulsorily and the Redemption Price
shall be paid to the Unitholder.

Section 8.D A:     person becoming entitled to a Beneficial Unit in consequence
of death or bankruptcy as aforesaid may give a discharge for all moneys payable
in respect of the Beneficial Unit but he or she shall not be entitled to
receive notices of or to attend or vote at any meeting of Beneficiaries until
he, she or it shall have been registered as the Beneficiary of such Unit.

Section 8.E:     The Trustee may retain any money payable in respect of any
Unit of which any person is under the provisions as to the transmission of
Units hereinbefore contained entitled to be registered as the Unitholder or
which any person under those provisions is entitled to transfer until such
person shall be registered as the Beneficiary of such Unit or shall duly
transfer the same.

Section 8.F:         In respect of the registration of any probate, letters of
administration, power of attorney, marriage or death certificate, notice in
lieu of distringas, stop notice, order of the court, deed poll or other
document relating to or affecting the title to any Unit, there shall be paid to
the Trustee (or the Registrar on its behalf) such fee as the Trustee (or the
Registrar on its behalf) may from time to time require.

Article 9:    REDEMPTION OF UNITS

The following provisions shall have effect in regard to the redemption and
cancellation of Beneficial Units unless contrary provisions in respect of a
Class are set out in the relevant Settlement Agreement and or Placement
Memorandum in which case such provisions will apply: For purposes of this
Article 9, the use of the words "redemption" or "redesignation" does not imply
or seek to make a characterization of the transaction for U.S. federal income
or other tax purposes.

Section 9.A.1:     Following each Redemption Date, the Trustee or its agent
shall confirm to each Beneficiary who has submitted a duly completed Redemption
Request Form in respect of Units of any Class on a timely basis as provided in
the relevant Placement Memorandum, unless such notice is waived by the Trustee,
and has not withdrawn the same pursuant to sub paragraph (1) of Section (9.B):

Section 9.A.1.A: the number of Units of such Class to be redeemed;

Section 9.A.1.B: the Redemption Price to be paid for each Unit to be redeemed;
and

Section 9.A.1.C: the number of Units of such Class to be redesignated as Units
of another Class or Series.

Section 9.A.2: The Trustee shall on each Redemption Settlement Date during the
life of the Class, but subject to the provisions of sub clause (C), redeem any
Units of such Class in respect of which confirmation was given pursuant to sub
paragraph (1) of this Section (9.A), at the Redemption Price of such Units.

Section 9.A.3: The Trustee shall on each Redemption Date during the life of the
Class redesignate Units of such Class in respect of which confirmation was
given pursuant to sub-paragraph (i)(c) of this Section 9(A) as Units of another
Class. With respect to each redeeming Unitholder, the number of Units to be
redesignated shall equal the number of Units on such Unitholder's Redemption
Request Form which are attributable to the pro rata portion of the Deposited
Property of such Class which the Adviser on behalf of the Trustee has
determined is illiquid. Redesignated Units shall be non-redeemable and shall
otherwise be treated similarly with such Beneficiary's non-redeemed Units,
including being subject to the Advisory Fee and Performance Fee or Performance
Allocation. For the avoidance of doubt, any operating or other expenses which
the Adviser on behalf of the Trustee determines are specifically related to
redesignated Units shall be allocated solely to such Units.

Section 9.A.4: The Trustee may waive any redemption request requirements set
forth hereunder or in the relevant Placement Memorandum with respect to any
Beneficiary in its sole discretion.

Section 9.B: In relation to the foregoing provisions of this Section 9 the
following provisions shall apply:

Section 9.B.1: A Unitholder may request to withdraw a Redemption Request Form
by giving written notice to the Trustee at any time prior to the last Business
Day of the week preceding the week in which the related Redemption Date occurs
and the Trustee, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether to permit such
withdrawal;

Section 9.B.2: The Trustee shall be entitled but not bound to require any
Redemption Request Form in relation to any Unit registered in the joint names
of two or more Beneficiaries to be signed by all such Beneficiaries but it may,
to the exclusion of any such Redemption Request Form, from any of the other
Beneficiaries rely on any Redemption Request Form signed by or otherwise
received from that one of such Beneficiary who is first named on the Register;

Section 9.B.3: Any number of units of a Class shall be reduced by the
cancellation of the said Units and the Trustee shall pay to the relevant
Unitholder out of the Deposited Property of the relevant Class in respect of
the cancellation of the said Units the Redemption Price thereof;

Section 9.B.4: Any amount payable to a Beneficiary by the Trustee in respect of
the redemption of Units of a Class out of the Deposited Property of the
relevant Class in connection with the cancellation of Units under this Clause
shall be payable, in cash or in kind, at the discretion of the Trustee in
consultation with the Adviser on the relevant Redemption Settlement Date; and

Section 9.B.5: The Trustee shall be entitled to deduct from the total amount
which would otherwise be payable in accordance with this Section a further
amount sufficient to cover any stamp duty or taxation leviable in respect of
the redemption of the relevant Units and the remittance of money from any
taxing jurisdiction.

Section 9.C: The Trustee may limit or suspend the right of the Beneficiaries to
require the redemption of Units under this section in the event the Trustee is
unable to withdraw sufficient proceeds from its Investments to make payments to
Beneficiaries in connection with any redemptions, in the event the Trustee,
after consultation with the Adviser, determines that disposal of part or all of
the Class' assets to meet such redemption requests would be prejudicial to the
remaining Unitholders, when:

Section 9.C.1: One or more securities exchanges or markets which provide the
basis for valuing a substantial portion of the assets of the relevant Class, or
one or more foreign exchange markets in the currency in which a substantial
portion of the assets of the relevant Class is denominated, are closed
otherwise than for ordinary holidays or trading thereon is restricted or
suspended;

Section 9.C.2: As a result of political, economic, military or monetary events
or any circumstances outside the responsibility and the control of the Trustee,
disposal, liquidation or redemption of the assets of the relevant Class is not
reasonably or normally practicable or is otherwise restricted without being
seriously detrimental in the judgment of the Trustee in consultation with the
Adviser to the interests of the Beneficiaries of such Class;

Section 9.C.3: There is a breakdown in the means of communication normally used
for the valuation of any investment of such Class or, for any reason, the value
of any material amount of assets of such Class may not be determined as rapidly
and accurately as required; or

Section 9.C.4: As a result of exchange restrictions or other restrictions
affecting the transfer of funds, transactions on behalf of such Class are
rendered impracticable or purchases and sales of such Class' assets cannot be
effected at normal prices or rates of exchange.

Section 9.C.5: The references in this subsections to limiting the right of
Beneficiaries and other unitholders to require the redemption of Units includes
any restructuring of any Class or other arrangement that enables Unitholders to
realize a part of their investment.

Section 9.C.6: Such suspension shall take effect forthwith upon the declaration
thereof and thereafter there shall be no redemptions of Units of such Class
until the Business Day following the date on which the Trustee, after
consultation with the Adviser, determines that the condition giving rise to the
suspension has ceased to exist and that no other condition under which
suspension is authorized under this sub clause exists.

Section 9.C.7: Whenever the Trustee shall declare a suspension of the
redemption of Units under the provisions of this sub clause, then, as soon as
may be practicable after any such declaration, it shall cause a notice to be
given to all those Unitholders who have submitted Redemption Request Forms that
will be affected by such suspension stating that such declaration has been made
and the reason for the suspension.

Section 9.C.8: The Trustee shall, subject to and in accordance with the terms
of this Deed, redeem Units in respect of which it has received Redemption
Request Forms (which have not been withdrawn) as at the Redemption Settlement
Date next following the termination of such suspension.

Section 9.D:         If it shall come to the attention of the Trustee that a
Unitholder holds Units in breach of the prohibitions contained in Clauses 5(A),
5(G) and 5(H) if any are imposed by the Trustee, the Trustee shall serve Notice
on such Unitholder to the effect that the Units held by such Unitholder will be
compulsorily redeemed on the date therein specified (notwithstanding that such
date may not be a Redemption Date) and the provisions of sub paragraphs 9.A.1
and 9.A.2 shall have effect as if the references therein to the Redemption
Price were references to Net Asset Value per Unit for Units of each respective
Class as at the last Business Day of the week preceding the week in which the
date specified in such Notice for the redemption of such Units occurs.

Section 9.E:     If it shall come to the attention of the Trustee that Units
were acquired or are held by any person in breach of the law or requirements of
any country or governmental authority, or that such holding could have a
material adverse effect on any Class the Trustee may serve such a Notice as is
referred to in Clause 9(D) and if it does serve such a Notice the provisions of
the said Clause 9(D) shall apply.

Section 9.F: The Trustee, in its discretion, may effect a compulsory redemption
of Units in order to effect a year end redesignation and conversion of more
than one Series, as may be provided in the Placement Memorandum for a Class.

Section 9.G: Upon 5 calendar days’ prior written Notice, the Trustee may redeem
compulsorily, in cash or in kind at the discretion of the Trustee in
consultation with the Adviser, any or all of a Beneficiary's Units (as
described in this Section 9) without any action required by the Beneficiary.

Article 10. CURRENCY

The Reference Currency shall be in United States Dollars unless the Placement
Memorandum for such Class or Series specifies a different Reference Currency or
the Trustee otherwise determines from time to time.

Article 11. INVESTMENTS AND MONETIZATION

This article is to rule the legal terms and the agreed frame for decision
making processes and liabilities management, related to assets of different
nature belonging to a Class, that will be submitted to investment or
monetization according to its nature, and in concordance with the specific
Articles and Sub-sections related to each specific Class on this Declarations,
in any Sub-Deed, and according to law.

Section 11.A:     All cash and other property which, in accordance with the
provisions of this Deed, form part of the Deposited Property of a Class shall
(except in so far as the same may, in the opinion of the Trustee, be required
for other purposes of or incidental to the carrying into effect of this Deed
but subject to the provisions of this Deed) be applied in the discretion of the
Trustee in the acquisition of Investments and/or such other property as may be
permitted by any provision of this Deed in furtherance of the Investment
Objective for such Class.

Section 11.B: The Trustee shall be entitled to procure:

Section 11.B.1: any officer or responsible official of the Trustee jointly with
the Trustee; or

Section 11.B.2: any nominee appointed by the Trustee; or

Section 11.B.3: any such nominee and the Trustee; or

Section 11.B.4: any custodian, co custodian or sub custodian (including, a
bank, cloud, storage facility, broker or dealer or other person); or

Section 11.B.5: any company operating a recognized depository, repository or
clearing system in respect of the investments and monetizations involved to
take delivery of and retain and/or be registered as proprietor of any
Investments or other Deposited Property held upon the trusts of this Deed. The
Trustee may at any time and from time to time appoint any person or persons
(including, without limitation, itself or any Connected Person) as Custodian or
co custodians of any Class and may terminate any such appointment pursuant to
the terms of any such custody agreement. The Trustee may also empower any such
Custodian or co custodian to appoint, with the prior consent in writing of the
Trustee, sub custodians. The fees and expenses of such Custodian, co custodians
and sub custodians shall be paid out of the Deposited Property of the relevant
Class, or out of the income generated by the asset, according to the Settlement
Agreement of each class.

Section 11.C: Any Investment or other property comprised in the Deposited
Property of a Class may, subject to any limitations or restrictions in the
Placement Memorandum or supplemental Deed at any time, be realized either in
order to invest the proceeds of sale in other Investments and/or other property
or to provide cash required for the purpose of any provision of this Deed or in
order to retain the proceeds of sale in cash or on deposit as aforesaid or
partly one and partly another. The same provision applies to the proceeds
realized form monetization of non-liquid assets.

Section 11.D: Where any cash forming part of the Deposited Property of a Class
is transferred to a deposit account with the Trustee or any Connected Person
(being a banker or other financial institution) such banker or other financial
institution shall allow interest thereon in accordance with normal banking
practice for deposits of that term at a rate not lower than the prevailing rate
for deposits of a similar size and duration, in the same currency and with
institutions of a similar standing. Subject thereto, such banker or other
financial institution shall be entitled to retain for its own use and benefit
any benefit it may derive from any cash for the time being in its hands
(whether on current or deposit account) as part of the Deposited Property (as
the case may be).

Section 11.E: The decision of the Trustee shall (whether in relation to any
class or category of security, contract or other instrument or in relation to
any particular security, contract or other instrument) be conclusive in
determining whether any security, contract or other instrument is an
Investment.

Article 12:    INVESTMENT POWERS AND RESTRICTIONS

This article describes the general terms of power and restrictions for
investment as described on Article 11 above, and when analogy is permitted and
positive for the trust, at the discretion of the trustee, same powers and
restrictions shall apply when necessary to other kind of assets even when they
don’t configure an investment under these rules.

Section 12.A:     Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 11 hereof; the
Trustee shall delegate to the Adviser and shall delegate to the CPO (in respect
of commodity transactions regulated by the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act or the
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission that are required to be taken by a
registered Commodity Pool Operator or Commodity Trading Adviser) for the
account of any Class, the right to take such actions as the Adviser or CPO (as
the case may be) determines as if it was the absolute owner of the assets of
each Class, having considered such restrictions as are set forth in the
relevant Placement Memorandum for such Class or Series and enter into any other
transaction which the Adviser or the CPO, as the case may be, may from time to
time determine to be consistent with the Investment Objective and any policies
or guidelines (if any) for the relevant Class.

Section 12.B:    The Trustee hereby

Section 12.B.1: irrevocably delegates in favor of the CPO all decision making
authority in respect of any Investment of the Deposited Property which involves
a regulated commodity transaction described above subject to consultation by
the CPO with the Adviser respecting the suitability of any such Investment for
the Class in view of the investment strategy and

Section 12.B.2:    irrevocably delegates in favor of the CPO the right to
terminate and replace the CTA, subject to the rights of the Unitholders
pursuant to Clause 18(F).

Section 12.C:     The Trustee or its delegate will ensure in entering into
transactions for the account of any Class that recourse will in all cases be
limited solely to the Deposited Property of such Class to which the transaction
relates and not to the Deposited Property of any other Class or the assets of
the Trustee.  

ARTICLE 13:    BORROWING

Limitations and allowance are particular of each Class, and the general rules
for borrowing shall be as follows and shall only be applicable to beneficial
units settled with liquid assets, or to the proceeds of the monetization of
Digital or other non-liquid assets.

Section 13.A: Subject to any requisite consents from the competent authorities
and any statutory requirements and restrictions for the time being in force and
to the terms and conditions hereinafter provided and to any limitations with
respect to a particular Class which are set forth in the Settlement Agreement,
Placement Memorandum or a supplemental deed relating to that Class, the Trustee
shall, after consultation with the Adviser, at any time make and vary
arrangements for the borrowing or use of other forms of leverage without
limitation by the Trustee for the account of any Class for any purpose at any
time. Each Class may have different borrowing restrictions. For the purposes of
or in connection with any such borrowing relating to a Class the following
provisions shall apply:

Section 13.A.1: The borrowing may be effected from any person approved by the
Trustee including those recommended by the Adviser (including, if a bank, the
Trustee or any Connected Person);

Section 13.A.2: The Trustee may in pursuance of any borrowing arrangements
place on deposit with the lender or any nominee of the lender an amount out of
the Deposited Property which the Trustee or the Adviser considers to be
equivalent to the amount borrowed upon terms providing for the repayment of the
deposit at the same time or times (and, if more than once, so that on each
occasion the proportion which the deposit bears to the loan is maintained) as
the borrowing is repayable;

Section 13.A.3: Every borrowing shall be upon the terms that the borrowing
shall become repayable in the event of the termination of the relevant Class;

Section 13.A.4: Any interest and principal on any borrowing effected under this
Clause and expenses incurred in negotiating, entering into, varying and
carrying into effect with or without variation and terminating the borrowing
arrangements shall only be payable out of the Deposited Property of the
relevant Class;

Section 13.A.5: For the purposes of securing any borrowing and the interest and
expense obligations thereof the Trustee after consultation with the Adviser
shall be entitled to charge or pledge in any manner all or any part of the
Deposited Property of the relevant Class; and

Section 13.A.6: In the event that any arrangements for borrowing or making
deposits under this sub clause shall be made with any of the Trustee or any
Connected Person, then such person shall be entitled to retain for its own use
and benefit all profits and advantages which may be derived therefrom.

Section 13.B: In exercising the powers set out in Clauses 12 and 13 and in any
dealing or transaction with any potential creditors, such creditor may look
only to the Deposited Property of a Class to satisfy any debt that is or may
become due and payable to such creditor consequent upon such dealing or
transaction. In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the
Deposited Property of a Class shall be extinguished by a liability the whole or
part of which remains enforceable against the Trustee in respect of the Class,
the Trustee shall not, in any event, have the power to prorate such liability
among and against the remaining Classes.

ARTICLE 14:    INCOME AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 14.A: This Clause 14 shall only apply to Non-Partnership Classes,
understood without disregard of future classes of such kind as referred
initially to Class (III) Convertible Unit Series Trust, and Class (IV) Venture
Unit Series Trust.

Section 14.B: All Fund Income of a Class shall be credited to the Income
Account of such Class.

Section 14.C.1: In the event that there is at any Accounting Date a deficit on
the Income Account, that deficit shall be charged to the Deposited Property.

Section 14.C.2: In addition, any income, gain, deduction, expense or loss on
assets not readily identifiable as belonging to a particular Class shall be
allocated to the relevant Income Account by the Trustee as the Trustee in good
faith determines. Each such allocation shall be binding upon the Unitholders of
each Class for all purposes.

Section 14.D: Subject always to Clause 14(G), on any Distribution Payment Date
the Trustee may distribute, in cash or in kind, at the discretion of the
Trustee in consultation with the Adviser, to each Beneficiary in respect of
each Unit of such Class for which a relevant Placement Memorandum provides for
distributions to be made and which Beneficial Unit is registered in such
Beneficiary's name at the opening of business in the estate of Delaware on the
applicable Distribution Record Date, an amount equal to all or a portion of the
Net Asset Value per Unit for the relevant Distribution Period or such other
amount as described in the Placement Memorandum as may be declared by the
Trustee from time to time, which distribution will be distributed, in cash or
in kind, at the discretion of the Trustee after consultation with the Adviser,
to the Beneficiary or, upon distribution and at the discretion of the Trustee
after consultation with the Adviser, be automatically reinvested in such Class
on the same Business Day at the same Net Asset Value or as soon as possible
thereafter.

Section 14.E: The amounts so distributed to Unitholders of a Class will be
deemed to be paid first from amounts standing to the credit of the Income
Account of the relevant Class (after provision for the expenses of a Class to
be charged thereto) and, if and to the extent that the amounts so distributed
exceed the amounts standing to the credit of the Income Account of such Class,
the balance thereof will be deemed to be paid from the remainder of the
Deposited Property of such Class, or from its future product.

Section 14.F: Any distributions to Beneficiaries of a Class made pursuant to
the provisions of this Clause shall be made to those Beneficiaries of such
Class whose names appear on the Register as the holders of Units of such Class
on the relevant Distribution Record Date and shall be made ratably in
accordance with the number of Units of such Class then held by them.

Section 14.G: Notwithstanding Clause 14(D), the Trustee after consultation with
the Adviser may, if it determines that it would be in the best interests of the
Beneficiaries of any Class, vary the amount, timing and frequency of
distributions to Beneficiaries and the amount thereof.

Article 15:    ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS

General Accounts and Reports for the Trust are to be applied after execution of
specific allocations set out for each class according to the settlement
agreement, placement memorandum and any supplemental deed, and without
disregard any specific regulation for the Beneficial Unit or imposed by the
law, the following provisions shall apply.

Section 15.A:     As at each Accounting Date, the Trustee shall cause accounts
for each Class to be made up in respect of the Accounting Period then ending.
Such accounts shall contain a fiscal year-end report by the Auditors and shall
be approved and signed by the Trustee, and the Trustee shall cause a copy
thereof to be sent to each Beneficiary of such Class via the platform, or via
electronic mail.

Section 15.B: Unless the Trustee otherwise determines, the accounting policies
used in the preparation of the above mentioned accounts shall be determined by
the Trustee in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(other than with respect to amortization of organizational expenses), provided
that the value of the Investments comprised in the Deposited Property shall be
ascertained in accordance with Article 4; and provided further that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, reserves for liabilities may be taken in such
amount as the Trustee deems necessary, in its discretion.

Article 16:    FEES AND EXPENSES

Section 16.A:     The Trustee will receive a fee as set forth in the Placement
Memorandum for each Class or as otherwise determined pursuant to any other
agreement. With respect to each Class, such fee shall, in respect of the month
in which the initial Closing Date occurs and the month in which such Class is
terminated, be pro-rated on the basis of the number of days remaining in such
month from and including the initial Closing Date or the number of days elapsed
in such month up to and including the day on which the Class is terminated, as
the case may be, and the number of days in the relevant month.

Section 16.B: Without prejudice to any other charges, fees, expenses or
liabilities expressly authorized by this Deed to be charged against
Beneficiaries or against the Deposited Property of the relevant Class, there
shall be payable in accordance with this Clause the direct costs of such Class
(other than general indemnification or other extraordinary expenses)
including:

Section 16.B.1: all stamp and other duties, taxes, governmental charges,
brokerages, placement fees, commissions, exchange costs and commissions, bank
charges, transfer fees and expenses, registration fees and expenses, Custodian,
co custodian and sub custodian and proxy fees and expenses, due diligence
expenses including but not limited to travel expenses and fees and expenses of
consultants and experts, collection fees and expenses, insurance and security
costs, and any other costs, charges or expenses payable in respect of the
acquisition, holding and realization of any Investment or Monetization of other
property or any cash, deposit or loan (including claiming or collection of
income or other rights in respect thereof and including any fees or expenses
charged or incurred by the Trustee or any Connected Person in the event of the
Trustee or such Connected Person rendering services or effecting transactions
giving rise to such fees or expenses);

Section 16.B.2: the fees and expenses of the Auditors and all Advisory Board
members, if any, and expenses incurred by the Trustee in connection with
meetings of the Advisory Board of each Class;

Section 16.B.3: the Advisory Fee pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement,
Monetization Advisory Agreement, or Asset Management Agreement;

Section 16.B.4: Series Specific Expenditures, including the Performance Fee for
such Series;

Section 16.B.5: the fees of any Administrator pursuant to any Administration
Agreement;

Section 16.B.6: fees and expenses of any Custodians or sub custodians pursuant
to their respective agreements;

Section 16.B.7: expenses in connection with the management and trusteeship of
the Trustee authorized by this Deed to be payable out of the Deposited
Property, or from the generated income of non-liquid assets when applicable for
such Class;

Section 16.B.8: all legal charges and out of pocket expenses incurred by the
Trustee wholly and exclusively in the performance of its duties hereunder for
such Class, which shall be specifically and detailed recorded and published on
the annual report;

Section 16.B.9: the expenses of or incidental to the preparation of deeds
supplemental hereto, when applicable to a specific class;

Section 16.B.10: the costs and expenses of procuring and maintaining the
registration of the Trust and obtaining any certificate or exemption from any
kind which the Trustee considers necessary or desirable; and

Section 16.B.11: any other ordinary operating costs, fees and expenses with
respect to any Class whether incurred by the Trustee, Adviser, DCO, CPO, CTA,
Administrator, Custodian or Registrar including (but without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing) all costs of preparing, printing and distributing
all statements, accounts and reports pursuant to the provisions of this Deed
(including the Auditors' fees) and all expenses (including the expenses of
preparing and printing any Placement Memorandum) deemed by the Trustee, after
consulting the Auditors, to have been incurred in compliance with or in
connection with any change or introduction of any law or regulation or
directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental or other
regulatory authority or with the provisions of any applicable code relating to
unit trusts. The Deposited Property of each Class shall be charged solely with
the liabilities and expenses attributable to such Class and not of any other
Class.

Section 16.B.12: The Trustee shall have the power to determine in good faith
which liabilities and expenses are attributable to a Class, which determination
shall be binding upon the Beneficiaries of all Classes for all purposes, but
shall not have the power to allocate its own ordinary or extraordinary expenses
to a Class if such liability is not directly attributable to such Class.

Section 16.C: Each member of the Advisory Board, if any, of each Class who is
not a partner, principal, officer or employee of the Adviser, or any affiliate
of the foregoing, shall be entitled to be paid an annual fee to be set by the
Trustee after consultation with the Adviser. In addition, each member of the
Advisory Board of each Class shall be entitled to be reimbursed all
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending such meetings or otherwise in
connection with the performance of his or her duties as a member of such
Advisory Board.

Article 17:         PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TRUSTEE

Section 17.A: The Trustee shall not be responsible for the authenticity of any
signature on or any seal affixed to any endorsement on any certificate or to
any Transfer Request Form, Redemption Request Form, Subscription Agreement,
endorsement or other document affecting the title to or transmission of Units
or be in any way liable for any forged or unauthorized signature on or seal
affixed to such endorsement, form or other document or for acting on or giving
effect to any such forged or unauthorized signature or seal. The Trustee shall
nevertheless be entitled but not bound to require that the signature of any
Beneficiary or joint Unitholder to any document required to be signed by him or
her under or in connection with these presents shall be verified by an
authority or a banker or a broker or other responsible person or otherwise
authenticated to its reasonable satisfaction.

Section 17.B: Nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to prevent the
Trustee from establishing or acting as manager or trustee for trusts separate
and distinct from the trusts created hereunder. Yet, the trustee, as a
corporate trustee is subject to a mandatory acquisition under the terms of this
declaration.

Section 17.C: The Trustee may act in accordance with the provisions of the
Trusts applicable Law and, in particular, may appoint one or more agents and
delegate any of the Trustee's powers, duties and discretions under this Deed to
agents on such terms as it decides including terms which allow a delegate to
sub-delegate. The Trustee may act upon any advice of or information obtained
from the Adviser, any bankers, accountants, brokers, lawyers, agents or other
persons acting as agents or advisers either of the Trustee or the Adviser.

Section 17.D: Except if and so far as herein otherwise expressly provided, the
Trustee shall as regards all the trusts, powers, authorities and discretions
vested in it have absolute and uncontrolled discretion as to the exercise
thereof whether in relation to the manner or as to the mode of and the time for
the exercise thereof.

Section 17.E: Nothing herein shall prevent the Trustee (including any person to
whom the Trustee has delegated any of its powers, duties or discretions
hereunder) or any of their respective associates from contracting or entering
into any financial, banking or other transaction with one another or with any
Beneficiary or any company or body any of whose shares or securities form part
of the Deposited Property of any Class or from being interested in any such
contract or transaction and the Trustee shall not be in anyway liable to
account to any Class or the Beneficiaries or any of them for any profit or
benefit made or derived thereby or in connection therewith.

Section 17.F: The Trustee may buy, hold and deal in any process related to
specific assets monetization and investments upon its individual account
notwithstanding that similar Monetization Process or Investments may be held as
part of the Deposited Property. The Trustee shall not be liable to account to
the Beneficiaries or any of them for any profits or benefits derived from or in
connection with any such transaction.

Article 18: DUTIES OF TRUSTEE

Without disregard to the rules for management, monetization and investment of
assets under a class, as established in the settlement agreement, placement
memorandum or any supplemental deed, the following provisions and its analogies
to all assets shall apply:

Section 18.A: The Trustee shall be responsible for the safekeeping of the
Investments and other property forming part of the Deposited Property of each
Class in accordance with the provisions of these presents and such Investments
and other property shall (whether in bearer or registered form) be dealt with
as the Trustee may think proper for the purpose of providing for the
safe-keeping thereof.

Section 18.B: In no event shall the Trustee make payments out of the funds held
as the Deposited Property of one Class to fulfill the obligations of the
Trustee to another separate Class or a third party.

Section 18.C: Subject as herein provided the Trustee shall be entitled for the
purpose of indemnity against any action, costs, claims, damages, expenses or
demands to which it may be put as Trustee with respect to any Class to have
recourse to the Deposited Property of the relevant Class or any part thereof.

Section 18.D: Without prejudice to its obligations under Article 4, and except
as herein expressly provided, the Trustee shall not be responsible for
verifying or checking any valuation of the Deposited Property.

Section 18.E: The Trustee or any other person on behalf of the Trustee shall
(subject as hereinafter provided) be entitled to destroy all instruments of
transfer which have been registered at any time after the expiration of 5 years
from the date of registration thereof and all distribution mandates which have
been cancelled at any time after the expiration of five years from the date of
the recording thereof and all forms of proxy in respect of any meeting of
Beneficiaries after the expiration of five years from the date of the meeting
at which the same are used and all registers, statements and other records and
documents relating to any Class at any time after the expiration of six years
from the termination of such Class. Unless the contrary be proved every
instrument of transfer so destroyed shall be deemed to have been a valid and
effective instrument duly and properly registered and every other document
hereinbefore mentioned so destroyed shall be deemed to have been a valid and
effective document in accordance with the recorded particulars thereof,
provided that:

Section 18.D.1: the provisions aforesaid shall apply only to the destruction of
a document in good faith and without notice of any claim in existence at the
time of such destruction (regardless of the parties thereto) to which the
document is known (or should reasonably be known) by the Trustee to be
relevant; and

Section 18.D.2: References herein to the destruction of any document include
references to the disposal thereof in any manner, including cleansing of
digital assets.

Section 18.F: The Beneficiaries of a Class by Resolution (whether or not at a
duly convened meeting) may at any time, by notice in writing, require the
Trustee or any of its delegates to terminate any agreement or to enter into any
successor agreement by and between the Trustee or any delegate and any third
party or any delegate which agreement concerns such Class, as soon as
reasonably possible.

Article 18:    BOOKS AND RECORDS

The Trustee shall keep or cause to be kept proper books of account and records
in which shall be entered all transactions effected for the account of any
Class. This record shall be kept on a digital, analyzable format, and such
information shall parallely form part of the digital assets of Class (II)
Collective Unit Series.

Article 19:    EXCHANGES

The Trustee shall be responsible for ensuring that each applicable Class
complies with any reporting and other requirements of any stock exchange, money
table, currency exchange, digital assets exchange, and other assets exchange on
which the Units of such Class may be listed.

Article 20:    REMOVAL OR RETIREMENT OF TRUSTEE

The Trustee of the Collective Data Trust, its an institutional trustee, which
is meant to be non-removable as a trustee, yet, he could order the
implementation of another person or institution as a co-trustee, or adviser, or
manager, or administrator, and related to such co-trustees, and also related to
individuals executing the trustee’s legal representation, the following
provisions shall apply.

Section 21.A: The Beneficiaries of any Class by Resolution may at any time, by
notice in writing, remove the Trustee as Trustee of such Class and designate a
successor Trustee, according to the specific rules of each class.

Section 21.B: In the event of the Trustee desiring to retire as Trustee of all
the Classes then outstanding, it shall:

Section 21.B.1: use its best efforts to find a new person which is a
corporation qualified under any applicable law to act as trustee, which
selection shall be subject to approval by a majority of the members of the
Advisory Board, if any, or otherwise by Resolution (whether or not at a duly
convened meeting) of the Beneficiaries of all Classes or

Section 21.B.2: in the event that it cannot find a new person to act as
trustee, the Beneficiaries of all Classes shall appoint a trustee. In each
instance the Trustee by deed supplemental hereto shall appoint such new Trustee
to be the Trustee in the place of the retiring Trustee.

Section 21.C: If the Trustee retires or is removed from the trusts hereof, the
outgoing Trustee shall be entitled to an indemnity from the new Trustee in
terms reasonably acceptable to the outgoing Trustee prior to the appointment of
the new Trustee taking effect. The outgoing Trustee will not be entitled to any
indemnity if its acts which lead to its retirement or removal are the result of
willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence.

Section 21.D: trust jurisdiction removal

If at any time the Trustee reasonably determines that it would be in the
interests of the Beneficiaries to remove the Trust to the jurisdiction of some
other country or place then, subject to sub-Section 21.D.2,

Section 21.D.1: the Trustee may by deed declare that, from the date of the deed
effecting such removal (or any later date specified in such deed), this trust
shall take effect in accordance with the law of some other country or place in
any part of the world and subject thereto the Trustee shall have the power to
institute such arrangements, merger, liquidations or otherwise with regard to
the Trust as relevant and applicable law will permit. The forum for the
administration of the Trust shall then be conducted under the jurisdiction of
the courts and in accordance with the laws of the country of place named in the
declaration of the Trustee.

Section 21.D.2: The Trustee may only exercise the power contained in
sub-Section 21.D.1 if:

Section 21.D.2.A: the law of such other country or place to which jurisdiction
it is proposed to move the administration of the Trust recognizes the existence
of trusts and enforces the rights of beneficiaries under trusts and would grant
the Trustee a valid discharge from its obligations; and

Section 21.D.2.B: a suitable trust company or institutional trustee
incorporated or carrying on business in such other country or place and
qualified under any applicable laws of such other country or place to act as
the successor trustee and approved by the Trustee for the purpose is willing to
be appointed Trustee.

Section 21.D.3: Upon the execution of such deed, the trust company or
institution approved by the Trustee will be appointed Trustee in place of the
outgoing Trustee, who will retire and shall transfer the assets and liabilities
of all Classes to the new Trustee.

Section 21.D.4: In this event, the Trustee may by deed make such amendments to
this Deed as it considers necessary or desirable to the extent that the
Trustee's powers and the other provisions of this Deed shall mutatis mutandis
be as valid and effective as they are under the law.

Section 21.E: The new Trustee and the retiring Trustee shall take reasonable
steps to ensure that as soon as practicable thereafter, Notice is given to the
Beneficiaries specifying the name and address of the office of the new
Trustee.

Section 21.F: Special Trustee removal will also happen under Section 21.F, when
merger, acquisition or public offering takes place on the institutional
trustee, on the following terms:

Section 21.F.1: The institutional Trustee is a private corporation operating
under the name of Synarchys Corp, in charge of management, administration and
implementation of the Collective Data Trust.

Section 21.F.2: Such trustee company is meant to develop the Collective Data
Trust, and to build a business around the execution of this declaration, to the
effect of later be acquired by the trust, and absorbed as an investment, since
such trustee company holds the platform that runs the trust.

Section 21.F.3: Once such conditions are met, and the trustee is meant to be
absorbed by the trust, a successor institutional trustee must be designated in
order to comply with the legal terms, but the administration and business
execution of the trust, shall remain under charge of Synarchys Corp, as a
captive company, belonging to the trust.

Section 21.F.4: In order to guarantee the Trust's best interest and indepence,
once this section is executed, the current trustee company will become a
business management and development company which will be owned by the trust,
and a new independent institutional trustee shall be selected and designated as
successor trustee.

Section 21.F.5: Due Diligence shall be applied in order to establish the
acquisition value for Synarchys Corp, and such value shall be negotiated with,
and pay to, the legal representatives of the company.

Section 21.F.6: Such value applied and paid when the acquisition takes place,
shall happen in addition and without disregard of any other investment rights
or benefits liquidation or any indemnity established in this declaration or in
the supplemental deeds, or in the law.

Article 22:        LIMIT OF LIABILITY

Limits of liability are extensible to associates, and subordinates, and
applicable to service providers in relation to assets management, investment
and monetization, and to the general activities of the Trust. These rules shall
also be applicable by analogy, when unregulated assets are being executed for
monetization or trading or investment.

Section 22.A:     The Trustee, any Adviser of a Class, any CPO, CTA, or similar
Manager or Adviser of a Class, each Advisory Board member, if any, any
Administrator of a Class, any Custodian of a Class, any person to whom a
delegation has been made by the Trustee pursuant to sub-section 17(C), and any
and all other persons with respect to whom the Trustee agrees, and each of
their affiliates, directors, members, partners, shareholders and officers, any
of their employees or agents and/or the legal representatives of any of them,
any controlling person of any of them with respect to a matter related to such
Class (collectively, the "Indemnified Persons") shall be indemnified and held
harmless solely out of the Deposited Property of the relevant Class, from and
against any liabilities, loss, expense, judgment, settlement cost, fee and
related expenses (including attorneys' fees and expenses), costs or damages
suffered or sustained by reason of being or having been a person in the class
of Indemnified Persons or arising out of or in connection with action or
failure to act on the part of such Indemnified Person, unless such act or
failure to act was the result of the willful misfeasance, bad faith, reckless
disregard or gross negligence (as interpreted under the laws of the State of
Delaware) of such Indemnified Person or such higher standard as may be set
forth in any agreement between the Trustee and such person.

Section 22.B: In respect of any Class, the Trustee may, in its discretion upon
the advice of counsel to the effect that an Indemnified Person is not likely
not to be found to be entitled to indemnification hereunder, advance, solely
out of the Deposited Property of the relevant Class, to any Indemnified Person
reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the defense of any action or proceeding which arises out of such conduct.
In the event that such an advance is made in respect of such Class, it will be
subject to repayment to the extent that it is finally judicially determined
that the Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification. The Trustee
may, but shall not be under any obligation to, appear in, prosecute or defend
any action or suit in respect of the provisions of this Clause 22(B) which in
its opinion would or might involve the Trustee in expense or liability, unless
the Trustee shall be satisfied that it will have adequate recourse to the
Deposited Property of the appropriate Class in respect of any such expenses or
liability as aforesaid.

Section 22.C: No Indemnified Person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
Trustee) shall be liable to any Beneficiary and no Indemnified Person
(excluding the Trustee) shall be liable to the Trustee of a Class for any act
or failure to act in respect of the Trust or any Class or Beneficiary, unless
such act or failure to act resulted from the willful misfeasance, bad faith or
gross negligence (as interpreted under the laws of the State of Delaware) of
such Indemnified Person or by reason of such Indemnified Person's reckless
disregard of its obligations and duties of the Indemnified Person. Each
Indemnified Person may consult with counsel and accountants in respect of Trust
affairs and shall be fully protected and justified in any action or inaction
which is taken in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel or
accountants. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, the
provisions of this sub-section 22(C) shall not be construed so as to relieve
(or attempt to relieve) any Indemnified Person of any liability, to the extent
(but only to the extent) that such liability may not be waived, modified or
limited under applicable law, but shall be construed so as to effectuate the
provisions of this sub-Section 22(C) to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Section 22.D: Notwithstanding any other provision of this Deed, whether
expressly or by implication, or any provision deemed to be so included and
notwithstanding the entitlements (if any) of the Trustee at law or in equity,
no Beneficiary shall be personally liable by executing a subscription agreement
(except by way of direct personal covenant outside this Deed), whether by law
of indemnity or otherwise, to the Trustee or any other persons in respect of
any debt, loss or liability incurred by the Trustee in or in respect of the
administration or management of any Class.

Section 22.E: The Trustee shall not incur any liability in respect of any loss
arising out of any advice or instruction given by the Adviser or the Advisory
Board of any Class hereunder, or any failure by the Adviser or the Advisory
Board of any Class to require the Trustee to exercise power, duties or
discretions vested in such Adviser or Advisory Board hereunder or under the
Investment Advisory or Assets Management Agreement, or any failure by the
Adviser, Manager, Operator or Advisory Board of any Class to exercise any
powers or rights vested in such Adviser or Advisory Board hereunder or under
the Investment Advisory Agreement.

Section 22.F: Any indemnity expressly given to the Trustee in this Deed is in
addition to and without prejudice to any indemnity allowed by law and any
amounts paid by the Trustee to an Indemnified Person pursuant to this Clause
(22) shall be consulted with the Adviser, and published by the Trust.

Section 22.G: The Trustee, being a private company, can, by all means, acquire
private funding or debt, base on his role as trustee and the business resulting
of running the trust.



Article 23:        TERMINATION

The following provisions shall have effect in regard to the termination of a
Class unless contrary provisions in respect of such Class are set out in the
relevant Placement Memorandum in which case such provisions will apply:

Section 23.A:    Each Class shall continue unless terminated as provided in
subsections 23(B), 23(C) or 23(D) hereof.

Section 23.B: Any Class shall automatically terminate on whichever is the
earlier of

Section 23.B.1:     the expiration of the Perpetuity Period;

Section 23.B.2: the redemption of all the Units of such Class; or

Section 23.B.3: such earlier date as set forth in the Placement Memorandum for
such Class.

Section 23.C: Any or all Classes may be terminated by the Trustee upon giving
30 days' prior written Notice to Beneficiaries

Section 23.C.1: if the Adviser has informed the Trustee that, in its judgment,
the remaining investment opportunities of the relevant Class will not be
sufficient to achieve the Investment Objective or the amount of assets is too
small, or for any other reason deemed sufficient by the Adviser, or

Section 23.C.2: pursuant to a Resolution of the Beneficiaries of such Class.

Section 23.D: Any Class will be terminated if subscriptions for a minimum
amount for each Class as set forth in their respective Placement Memorandum are
not received by the Closing Date.

Section 23.E: Upon a Class being terminated the Trustee shall proceed as
follows:

Section 23.E.1: The Trustee shall

Section 23.E.1.A: Sell all Investments then remaining in its hands as part of
the Deposited Property of the relevant Class and such sale shall be carried out
and completed in such manner and within such period before the termination of
such Class as the Trustee thinks necessary to enable the Trustee to fulfill its
obligations under this Clause (provided, that distributions may be made in kind
at the discretion of the Trustee after consultation with the Adviser); and

Section 23.E.1.B: discharge all liabilities attributable to such Class out of
cash on hand and the proceeds of sale of Investments; and

Section 23.E.2: Subject to dispositions with respect to distributions and
liquidations, the Trustee shall on the fifth Business Day following the
termination of a Class (or as soon as practicable thereafter) distribute to the
Beneficiaries of such Class in proportion to the undivided beneficial interests
in the Deposited Property of the relevant Class represented by the Units held
by them all net cash proceeds realized from the disposition of the Deposited
Property of the relevant Class and available for the purposes of such
distribution, provided that the Trustee shall be entitled to retain out of any
moneys in its hands as part of the Deposited Property of the relevant Class
full provisions for all costs, debts, liabilities, charges, expenses, claims
and demands properly incurred or made by the Trustee with respect to such Class
in accordance with the provisions of this Deed and whether or not incurred or
made in connection with or arising out of the termination of the relevant Class
and out of the moneys so retained to be indemnified and saved harmless against
any such costs, charges, expenses, claims and demands.

Section 23.F: The Trust created by this Declaration of Trust shall in any event
be terminated and the Deposited Property of any Class distributed as herein
provided on the expiration of the period of one hundred and fifty years less
one day from the date of the las subscriptions of a Beneficiary on any class.

Article 24:    NOTICES

Section 24.A:     Subject as otherwise provided in these presents, any Notice
required to be served upon or given to a Beneficiary shall be deemed to have
been served or given if sent by post to or delivered by courier service to its
address, or its legal representative address, or transmitted by telecopier,
facsimile, email, SMS, Ims, or other electronic form of communication to its
number or address appearing in the Register. Any Notice so served by post shall
be deemed to have been served on the day following that on which the letter
containing the same is posted and in proving such service it shall be
sufficient to prove that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and
posted, same analogy shall be applied to digital services of notification when
possible. Any such Notice that is delivered by courier service shall be deemed
to have been served on the day after the day on which such Notice was entrusted
to the courier service and any such Notice that is transmitted by telecopier,
facsimile, e mail or other electronic form of communication shall be deemed to
have been served on the day (in the place of destination) on which such Notice
was transmitted and shall be deemed confirmed if a customary internal
electronic record or written receipt is obtained.

Section 24.B: Service of a Notice on or delivery or transmittal of a document
to any one of several joint Beneficiaries shall be deemed effective service on
or delivery or transmittal to the other joint Beneficiaries.

Section 24.C: Any Notice or document sent by post to, or delivered by courier
service to, the registered address or transmitted by telecopy, facsimile,
email, mobile instant message, or other electronic form of communication to the
registered number or address of a Beneficiary in pursuance of these presents
shall notwithstanding that such Beneficiary be then dead or bankrupt and
whether or not the Trustee has notice of his or her death or bankruptcy be
deemed to have been duly served and such service shall be deemed a sufficient
service on all persons interested (whether jointly with or as claiming through
or under him or her) in the Units concerned.

Section 24.D: All Notices and documents sent by post, courier service,
telecopier, facsimile, email or other electronic form of communication to
Beneficiaries or in accordance with their instructions shall be sent at the
risk of the persons entitled thereto.

Article 25:        AUDITORS, VERIFIERS AND CERTIFICATIONS

Section 25.A:    AUDITOR: The Trustee shall from time to time appoint to be the
Auditor or Auditors of each Class, which appointment must be approved by the
Advisory Board, if any, of each Class, an accountant or accountants being
qualified to act as Auditor or Auditors in the State of Delaware (or such other
place as the Trustee may select) and the Trustee may from time to time remove
any Auditor or Auditors and appoint in his, her or their stead another person
or persons qualified as aforesaid. Any such accountant or accountants so
appointed shall be independent of the Trustee and any Connected Person of the
Trustee.

Section 25.B:    DATA COMPLIANCE OFFICER: The Trustee shall from time to time
appoint to be the DATA COMPLIANCE OFFICER (DCO), which appointment must be
approved by the Advisory Board of Class (II), if any, an individual
professional, or a consultant company with an individualized officer working
exclusively on the Trust affairs, with the required technical skills and moral
aptitudes as determined by the trustee, and whose work is to ensure and verify
implementation and compliance of data protection policies and required
standards according to law and this regulations, and supplementing the law for
the benefit of the user when such needed regulation are not in place, and such
supplementing dispositions are not against the law. And the Trustee may from
time to time remove any Officer or Auditors and appoint in his, her or their
stead another person or persons qualified as aforesaid. Any such DCO so
appointed shall be independent of the Trustee and any Connected Person of the
Trustee.

Section 25.C:     CERTIFICATIONS: The Trustee could require and rely on third
party certifications for the services it hires in order to serve its
beneficiaries, and such certifications will be the limit of liability set out
for the required diligence on critical matters related to execution of this
declaration and providing of services to the beneficiaries, in relation to
their deposited property and assets under management, digital or not.

Article 26:        MODIFICATION OF THIS DECLARATION

The following provisions shall have effect with respect to each Class:

Section 26.A: The Trustee, with the prior approval of the Advisory Board, if
any, with respect to matters relating to the Class for which such Advisory
Board acts, may by deed supplemental hereto modify, alter or add to the
provisions of this Deed in such manner and to such extent including
retrospectively as the Trustee may consider expedient for any purpose, provided
that the Trustee shall certify in writing to the Advisory Board, if any, that
in its opinion such modification, alteration or addition:

Section 26.A.1: Does not materially prejudice the interests of the
Beneficiaries, does not operate to release to any material extent the Trustee
from any responsibility to the Beneficiaries and will not result in any
material increase in the amount of costs and charges payable from the Deposited
Property

Section 26.A.2: Is necessary in order to make possible compliance with any
fiscal, statutory or official requirement (whether or not having the force of
law) and provided also that no such modification, alteration or addition shall
impose upon any Beneficiary any obligation to make any further payment in
respect of its Units or to accept any liability in respect thereof, or

Section 26.A.3: Is necessary to correct a manifest error.

Section 26.B: Any other modification requires the Resolution of the
Beneficiaries of all Classes acting as one Class unless such modification
relates solely to one or more Classes in which case only the Beneficiaries of
those Classes may vote on such change. No such modification may alter any
previously agreed to indemnification obligations hereunder absent written
agreement of the Indemnified Parties. The foregoing proviso is not subject to
amendment.

Section 26.C: The Trustee shall, as soon as practicable after any modification
or alteration of or addition to the provisions of this Deed in respect of which
the Trustee shall have certified in accordance with the provisions of sub
Section 26(A), give Notice of such modification, alteration or addition to the
Beneficiaries.

Article 27:        PROVISION OF INFORMATION

The Trustee intends to comply with all relevant anti-money laundering, embargo
and trade sanctions, or similar laws, regulations, requirements (whether or not
with force of law) or regulatory policies and financial intermediaries'
responsive disclosure and compliance policies (collectively "Requirements"). In
the event the Trustee is requested or required to obtain certain assurances
from Beneficiaries, disclose information pertaining to them to governmental,
regulatory or other authorities or to financial intermediaries or engage in due
diligence or take other related actions in the future, it is the Trust's policy
to comply with Requirements to which it is or may become subject and to
interpret them broadly in favor of disclosure. Any Beneficiary's failure to
cooperate fully with the Trustee and its agents in providing information to
relevant third parties in respect of Requirements or information requests
related thereto may result in redemption by the Trustee or a forced sale to
another person or entity of such Beneficiary's Units.

The Trustee shall have the power to provide information if requested to do so
by any department of any government or administration to provide such
department with any information regarding the Deposited Property and/or the
Beneficiaries and/or the Investments and income of the Deposited Property
and/or the provisions of this Deed, whether or not such request was in fact
enforceable, and such disclosure shall not constitute a breach of trust nor a
breach of any duty of confidence and the Trustee shall incur no liability to
the Beneficiaries or any of them or to any other person as a result of such
compliance or in connection with such compliance nor shall the Trustee incur
any such liability as a result of complying with its obligations under Clause
20 hereof.

Article 28:        FISCAL IMPOSITIONS, TRADE AND EMBARGO, AND ANTI-MONEY
LAUNDERING REGULATIONS

Section 28.A: The Trustee may pay out of the Deposited Property any fiscal
impositions becoming payable in any part of the world in respect of any assets
or any Beneficiary notwithstanding that such fiscal impositions may not be
enforceable through the courts of the place where this Trust is for the time
being administered, where any Trustee is resident or domiciled or where any
assets are situated and may make or provide information for the purposes of any
filings with the revenue authorities of any country. The Trustee shall have
absolute discretion as to the time and manner of such payment, filing or
provision of confirmation and the powers contained herein need not be exercised
for the benefit of Beneficiaries.

Section 28.B: The Trustee and the Adviser each intend to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations relating to economic embargoes, trade sanctions
and market regulations. By executing a subscription agreement to issue
Beneficial Units, each Beneficiary agrees and consents to the Trustee or its
delegate taking any and all actions with respect to such Beneficiary that
either of them, in their sole discretion, determines is necessary or
appropriate in order to comply with any such law or regulation including,
without limitation, actions that may negatively impact such Beneficiary or its
Units.

Section 28.C: As part of the Trustee's responsibility for the prevention of
money laundering, the Trustee, the Administrator, its affiliates, subsidiaries
or associates will require a detailed verification of the applicant's identity
and/or the source of the payment. Depending on the circumstances of each
application, a detailed verification might not be required where:

Section 28.C.1: The applicant is a recognized financial institution which is
regulated by a recognized regulatory authority and carries on business in a
country listed in the Schedule corresponding to Money Laundering Regulations.
In this situation the Trustee may rely on a written assurance from the
intermediary that the requisite identification procedures on the applicant for
business have been carried out.

Section 28.C.2: The application is made through a recognized intermediary which
is regulated by a recognized regulatory authority and carries on business in a
country recognized in Money Laundering Regulations.

Section 28.D: These exceptions will only apply if the financial institution or
intermediary referred to above is within a country recognized as having
sufficient anti-money laundering regulations.

Section 28.E: Special exception can be made when the value of the integrated
assets is not liquid and belongs to digital assets being integrated to
corresponded classes, and also when other integrated assets represents
transactions below the amount considered of risk, established in the value of
Ten thousand US dollars, (USD 10.000,00), or any new value to be established by
the pertinent regulation.

Section 28.F: The Trustee and the Administrator reserve the right to request
such information as is necessary to verify the identity of an applicant. In the
event of delay or failure by the applicant to produce any information required
for verification purposes, the Administrator will refuse to accept the
application and the subscription monies relating thereto.

Section 28.G: If any person involved in any matter related to the Trust has a
suspicion that a payment to any Class (by way of subscription or otherwise)
contains the proceeds of criminal conduct, that person is required to report
such suspicion pursuant to dispositions on the Law regarding pertinent
authorities, and shall immediately give notice to the Trustee, the adviser, or
to any member of the Board.

ARTICLE 29. GOVERNING LAW

Subject as provided in Clause 21(D) of the Trust, any and all disputes related
to the Trust and any liability thereunder and any claim by any Beneficiary or
any person in privity of contract with the Trust or with a Beneficiary related
to the Trust shall be subject to and governed exclusively by the law of the
State of Delaware, and this Deed including the Schedules hereto shall (subject
as aforesaid) be construed according to the law of the State of Delaware and
the Trustee hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware State
or Federal court in the United States of America, and no punitive or
consequential damages shall be awarded in any such suit, action or proceeding.
No contract shall be construed to expand liability beyond the specific Class to
which the service is provided.

ARTICLE 30. COMPLIANCE INTENTIONS

Without disregard of the estatements of this declaration, it is in the
intention of the Trust, to comply by exception or registration, or by its
analogy application, with the law, guidance and recommendations from
jurisdictional authorities or control organism, and the Trustee best
practices,

Section 30.A: When it comes to unregulated issues of asset managements, due to
the specific nature of the assets under management, applicable legal analogy
and other terms can be applied at the sole discretion of the trustee.

Section 30.B: When it comes to regulated issues, of traditional assets
management, the Trust will look for the development of necessary means in order
to comply by registration, exception or by repot, with the provisions stated by
the Security and Exchange Commision (SEC), the Internal Revenue Service (IRS),
and any Exchange or Other Regulatory Institution with jurisdiction over the
Trust activities. Without disregard of Article 20, and with provisions
regarding Anti Money Laundering (AML)provisions

Section 30.C: CDT will look to implement the necessary documental and operative
infrastructure in order to have DATA and other Digital Assets, to be recognized
and traded as commodities, including futures and derivatives, under appropriate
classification, and with direct benefit for the commodity producer, including
but not limited or enforceably to consulting, filling, recurring and/or
registering with jurisdictional or regulatory entities such as the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission, the National Futures Association, or any similar or
analog regulatory entities as applicable.

Section 30.D: When it comes to DATA management, the Trust looks to comply with
regulation in the matter, and to go beyond the minimum legal requirement, to
the best optimal conditions attainable in order to comply with Data due
diligence and proper management according to the higher standards achievable.

Article 31:    RESOLUTIONS OF BENEFICIARIES

The provisions set out in any Appendix shall be effective as if the same were
included herein. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, a Resolution of
Beneficiaries of one Class which affects the rights and liabilities of the
Beneficiaries of another Class shall not be effective in relation to such other
Class without the consent (by Resolution or otherwise, as applicable) of the
Beneficiaries of such other Class.

Article 32:    AGREEMENTS



Pursuant to this declaration and its annexes, the Trustee (or its delegate)
shall not exercise any rights which it may have to enter into any successor
agreement without the prior consent of

Section 32.A: the Class to which such agreement relates, or

Section 32.B: each Class, in the case of an agreement to which the Trustee is a
party.

Article 33:    LICENSE

The Trustee has been granted by the founders and shall be managed as an asset,
a perpetual, revocable license to use the name "Collective Data Trust" and any
related name. The license may be revoked at any time for any or no reason. Upon
revocation and termination of this license, the Trustee shall promptly take all
steps necessary to change the Trust's and any Class' name and cease any such
prohibited use.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Trustee has caused its Common Seal to be affixed to this
Deed the day and year first before written.

[GENERAL CHAPTER OF DECLARATION OF TRUST ENDS HERE]



